Student AAsingent mBser
fCONFIDOEF T ICfLUDOE
This documen is ienme m sdtmtl ydf rdSwafioa Cdttmgm dy IT & E-Cduumfom snc mens ydf nhmif dwe csm ie
odutm-­‐eg nhmif assmssm wdfp ydf nhis ud ctmk In ucsn edn .m assm nd nhif af-­‐ms df dsnm de ael wm.sinmk
fMntentA
b •ssigeumen Ieydfua-­‐de
b •ssmssm Ad ctm Mmafeieg Lcnodums
b •ssigeumen Tasp
b Aafpieg ae Omm .aop
b •ssigeumen rcdfn ae •oa muio Ienmgfinl
b •ssmssumen Aafpieg Cfinmfia
AAsingent FnrMBgoaMn
UMdule Ooge: Fsmf EUmfimeom xmsige
UMdule fMde: rTD601CEA
AAsingent Estle: rTD601CEA Fsmf EUmfimeom xmsige Aafoh Ienapm 161D Cdcfsmwdfp C2
W(mgctafR
AAsingent Iue: )ct 1J9 161D

-- 1 of 7 --

AAsingent fBedst: 16
WMBd fMunt: 1,66
AAsingent Eype: Cdcfsmwdfp 5 Ie i:i cat (mdfn
GBodsni: vmfomenagm Pfa mW•tim Cdfm •ssmssumenRk
AAeAAgent CveBvsew
Gdc witt .m fd:i m winh ae d:mfatt gfa m .mnwmme 6Y ae 066Yk Gdc ha:m dem ddfnceinl nd ass nhm
assigeumen an df a.d:m %6Yk
FgpMBtont OMace
Thm wdfp ldc sc.uin ydf nhis assigeumen ucsn .m ldcf Mwn sndependent wMBkk Adfm ieydfua-­‐de is
a:aita.tm ie nhm 4•ssigeumen Tasp4 smo-­‐de dy nhis assigeumen .fimyk
AAeAAed UMdule TeoBnsni CutcMgeA
Thm Mmafeieg Lcnodums ydf nhis ud ctm atige winh nhm uafpieg ofinmfia whioh oae .m ydce an nhm me dy
nhis .fimyk Eescfm ldc ce mfsnae nhm uafpieg ofinmfia nd mescfm scoomssyct aohim:mumen dy nhm
assmssumen naspk Thm ydttdwieg ud ctm tmafeieg dcnodums afm assmssm ie nhis nasp
Understand, design and implement effective user experiences, informed by research into the state
of the art for given problem spaces
Develop and action rigourous user test designs, based on systematic knowledge of a range methods
and the ability to argue for their selection
Follow a User Centred Design process, featuring conceptual prototypes
Implement a fully-coded, product level GUI
Demonstrate through sustained argument how user study data and analysis have been used to
evaluate the effectiveness of the GUI in terms of the user experience
Show systematic understanding of the role of UX design within full-stack development
Understand and critically apply ethical and professional standards
AAsingent EoAk

-- 2 of 7 --

Reflective Report –Digital Product Design Process (5000 words)
You are required to submit a Reflective Report detailing your complete design and development
process. The report should be well-structured, professionally written, and demonstrate thoughtful
reflection on key stages of your project. Use evidence such as design visuals, user feedback, and
screenshots where applicable.
Please cover the following stages:
1. Requirements Gathering
Briefly explain how you identified user and system requirements through methods such as
interviews, surveys, or research. Define the problem your system addresses and the main
objectives.
2. Paper Prototyping
Summarize the creation of low-fidelity paper prototypes and how they helped shape your initial ideas
around layout, functionality, and user interaction.
3. High fidelity Prototype (Figma or Adobe XD)
Describe the development of a high-fidelity interface using Adobe XD or Figma. Include sample
screens and explain how design principles (e.g. usability, consistency, navigation) were applied.
4. Formative User Evaluation
Explain how you tested the prototype with users, the feedback you received, and the improvements
made based on that feedback.
5. Prototype Implementation
Outline the technical implementation process, including tools, technologies used, and how you built
the core features based on the prototype.
6. Summative User Evaluation
Evaluate the final product through user testing. Include methods used, key findings, and how well
the product meets user needs and initial requirements.
7. Final Product
Conclude with an overview of the completed system. It must be realistic, fully functional, and
demonstrate the core features developed during the project.

-- 3 of 7 --

SubgsAAsMn FnAtBucaMnA
(m'cifmumen xmnaits
Nsle Oogsni q•AENsnc menIx
Nsle NMBgot k doU_k y ydfuan
SubgsAAsMn UethMd Caucs %k6 ta/dfu Wsc.uisside tiep fd:i m 1 wmmps .mydfm ma tiemR
UoBksni ond Needbock
HMw wsll gy oAAsingent be goBked?
Gdcf assigeumen witt .m uafpm .l nhm Ad ctm Tmau csieg snae af izm ofinmfiak
HMw wsll F Becesve iBodeA ond reedbock?
vfd:isideat uafps witt .m fmtmasm deom ienmfeattl ud mfanm k Omm .aop witt .m fd:i m atdegsi m gfa ms
fmtmasm winhie 1 wmmps W06 wdfpieg alsRk
Whot wsll F be goBked oiosnAt?
xmnaits dy nhm uafpieg ofinmfia ydf nhis nasp oae .m ydce ie nhm •ssmssumen Aafpieg Cfinmfia smo-­‐de an nhm me
dy nhis .fimyk
GBode RequsBegentA
Gdc ucsn aohim:m %6Y df a.d:m nd ass nhis assmssumenk Eescfm ldc ce mfsnae nhm uafpieg ofinmfia ydf
scoomssyct odutm-­‐dek
AAsingent SuppMBt ond codegsc FnteiBsty
Gexni Help
Iy ldc ha:m ael 'cms-­‐des a.dcn nhis assigeumen9 tmasm ummn ldcf fmsmo-­‐:m ud ctm tma mf df nmaohmf ydf
udfm ieydfua-­‐dek
Toniuoie StondoBdA
Gdc afm mUmonm nd csm mffmo-­‐:m9 aoocfanm9 ae afdfianm taegcagm winhie nhis assmssumen naspk

-- 4 of 7 --

codegsc FnteiBsty
Thm wdfp ldc sc.uin ucsn .m ldcf dwek •tt sdcfoms dy ieydfua-­‐de emm nd .m aopedwtm gm ae
a;fi.cnm fi nhmfmydfm9 ldc ucsn fd:i m fmymfmeoms ydf att sdcfoms dy ieydfua-­‐de ae aopedwtm gm ael
nddts csm ie nhm fd co-­‐de dy ldcf wdfp9 eficludsni Ba(csol Fntellsience ) F& k
2m csm mnmo-­‐de sdSwafm ae uapm fdc-­‐em ohmops ydf m:i meom dy aoa muio uisode conk xmffiei-­‐des
dy aoa muio uisode con9 ieotc ieg tagiafisu9 smty-tagiafisu9 ae odttcside oae .m ydce ie rnc men
hae .ddp ie Caucs %k6k
•tt oasms dy scsmonm aoa muio uisode con afm fmymffm nd ydf ie:ms-­‐ga-­‐de9 nhm dcnodums dy whioh oae
ha:m fdydce odesm'cmeoms nd ldcf snc imsk
SuppMBt rMB StudentA wsth IsAobslsaeA
Iy ldc ha:m a isa.itinl9 tdeg-nmfu hmatnh ode i-­‐de9 smoiffio tmafeieg iffmfmeom9 umenat hmatnh iagedsis df
slundus9 odenaon nhm rnc men rcdfn LHom ydf assisnaeomk
Lnoble tM Subgst Mn Esge?
Iy m:mens fm:men ldc yfdu sc.ui—eg de -­‐um9 gci aeom de mUnmeca-­‐eg oifocusnaeoms is a:aita.tm ie nhm
rnc men |ae .ddp df yfdu nhm rnc men rcdfn LHomk
dgsnsAtBoaMn Mr AAeAAgent
UMdule TeodeB Ooge: K
UMdule TeodeB Dgosl: K
AAsingent foteiMBy:
-egpt Eype: fmgctaf
fMgpMnent fMde: ow

-- 5 of 7 --

AAeAAgent UoBksni fBsteBso
GRADE Report Quality (20) Prototype work (20) USER EVALUATION (20) IMPLEMENTATION (/40)
80-100 The report is clear,
well-structured, and insightful,
showing strong connections
between user needs, design
choices, and technical
implementation. It reflects critical
thinking, uses a professional
academic tone, and includes
relevant references to UX/UI and
development principles. Visuals,
diagrams, and code samples
are effectively used to support
understanding.
The prototype is polished,
realistic, and closely matches
the final application in
appearance and flow. It
follows advanced UX/UI design
standards, with well-organized,
reusable components that map
clearly to code. A detailed
walkthrough with high-quality
screenshots or links effectively
showcases key user journeys.
The evaluation is thorough
and multi-method, using usability
testing, heuristic reviews, or task
analysis to gather actionable
feedback. It is supported by
strong evidence such as consent
forms, recordings, and feedback
data. Clear insights and usability
metrics are presented, showing
how user input directly improved
the prototype and final product.
The final product is
fully functional and robust,
showcasing both front-end and
back-end (if applicable) with
production-level quality. It reflects
advanced technical skills through
features like API integration,
databases, real-time updates,
or authentication. The codebase
is modular, well-documented,
and follows industry-standard
architecture and best practices.
70-79 Report is concise, well-organized,
and clearly explains project
phases with strong connections,
like how XD/Figma components
were implemented in React.
It uses relevant sources
and demonstrates a strong
understanding of UX.
The prototype design is
clean, effective, and professional,
meeting design standards with
strong appearance, interactivity,
and functionality. Includes
a detailed walkthrough with
screenshots.
User evaluation is comprehensive,
using multiple verified data
sources like consent forms,
videos, and completed
questionnaires. Clear findings are
provided, showing how user
feedback influenced prototype
revisions.
The project is fully functional
and works like a real application.
For example, if creating an
e-commerce platform, the user
should be able to browse
products, make purchases, and
complete payments using a
payment gateway. The project
demonstrates advanced technical
skills, with well-commented code
and a thorough explanation of
how it operates. A video demo or
presentation may be included but
is not a substitute for a detailed
explanation.
60-69 Report is within word limit
and well-organized. While the
connections between project
phases may be less apparent,
there is a good understanding
of their importance. May struggle
with handoff issues between
XD/Figma and React but includes
references.
Design work is effective,
with at least two
areas (appearance, interactivity,
functionality) approaching
professional standards. A
screenshot-based guide is
included, though scope clarity
may be lacking.
User evaluation is legitimate
but may lack the depth of
the top grade. Data collection
and interpretation are less
thorough, with some discussion
of how feedback led to prototype
changes.
The project is substantially
complete with demonstrated
React skills, though there may be
minor bugs or incomplete features.
For projects like an e-commerce
platform, the core functionalities
such as browsing products
and adding them to a cart
work, but the payment gateway
might be simulated or partially
implemented. A self-contained
walkthrough explains the design

-- 6 of 7 --

and implementation. A video
demo may be included but may
reduce the completeness of the
write-up.
50-59 Connections between project
phases are less clear, with
fewer references and a
more descriptive, less analytical
approach.
The design may be basic, nearing
professional standards in only one
area (appearance, interactivity,
functionality). A walkthrough with
screenshots is provided but may
be unclear or incomplete.
User evaluation includes some
data, but it may be minimal
and less thoroughly explained.
Discussions of feedback-driven
changes are brief and may lack
specific details.
The project is not comprehensive,
with missing features and
potentially confusing or
incomplete documentation. Some
React code is present, but
external links may be required
for further interpretation. For
an e-commerce platform, basic
functionalities might be present,
but key features like a payment
gateway could be missing or
non-functional.
40-49 The report is hurried, may exceed
the word limit, may contain errors,
and demonstrates little interest
beyond the fundamentals. Must
include all requested information
but may do it in a simple and
superficial manner. Insufficient
referencing, subpar writing, and
omissions. In theory, the work
may merit a higher grade, yet
it may be hasty and incomplete.
Insufficient understanding of why
things were done as they were,
and limited comprehension of how
work phases fit together. Very few
references.
The prototype may be simplistic
and incomprehensible to users.
Appearance, engagement, and
functionality may fall short of
professional standards. There
may merely be an impressionistic
summary and a splash screen.
There may be a link to an
external site, and the reader is
required to make his or her own
interpretation.
Perhaps merely consent forms,
and possibly only a few. There
may be fewer data, and they
may be extremely basic, such
as completion times, and the
interpretation may be descriptive
and devoid of conclusions, such
as pie charts with no additional
explanation. There may be little or
no mention of how the evaluation
influenced any revisions, or this
may be exceedingly ambiguous.
The React code is present but may
be minimal and show confusion.
The write-up is brief, with potential
links to unsorted resources and a
basic product. For an e-commerce
platform, the project may be
very incomplete, lacking essential
features like a functional payment
gateway or checkout process.
Fail 30-39 Report is incomplete or irrelevant.
May deal with some of what was
asked for. Shows very limited
engagement with the module, if
any (may look like a last-minute
rush based on little if any prior
work). May show pass potential.
Extremely simple attempt that
is probably incomplete and
may demonstrate little to no
understanding of the features and
functionality of XD/Figma
Substantially incomplete; mostly
or entirely omitted – maybe one
or two photos that look posed but
very few if any consent forms.
Some React code but maybe
little more than the teaching
code bolted together. Will show
little skill, and writeup will show
low knowledge of React or UI
implementation.
SMwoBsco fMlleie Mr FE -­‐ D6fMggeBce L Ie odtta.dfa-­‐de winh fMventBy LnsveBAsty
This documen is odeffi me-­‐at ae ienme m sdtmtl ydf mefdttm snc mensk

-- 7 of 7 --

